Add documentation for rate limits (#488)
Scalingo/developers-documentation: _scalingo_api/index.md

--- row ---

# Rate Limit

In order to prevent abuse and denial-of-service attacks, the number of API requests you can
make on a specific amount of time is limited. It ensures that the API remains available for all users.

> The limit is 60 requests per minutes. If you exceed that limit, the API will returns HTTP status 429: Too Many Requests.

Reviewer: issue: as per our documentation about documentation writing (https://www.notion.so/scalingooriginal/Writing-Documentation-at-Scalingo-bb7985d6ea16455894417e36ede09cea), we usually don't use future tense 

```suggestion
The limit is 60 requests per minute. If you exceed that limit, the API returns HTTP status 429: Too Many Requests.
```
